---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Q4 2024 (and beyond)

1. **Create a game launchpad**  
Game developers should have the ability to easily propose the release of their games on the platform with just a few clicks.  
The SNS DAO will then evaluate these proposals and decide whether to approve them.  
The best games should be featured on the front page.

2. **Create a NFT launchpad**  
NFT creators should be able to propose the publication of their NFT collections on the platform by completing a simple form.  
It will up to the SNS DAO to approve these proposals, after evaluating the collections.  
The top NFT collections should be showcased on the front page.

3. **Create a NFT marketplace**  
Due the NAS-1 (Neural Arena Standard 1) distinctive features, the best way to showcase the users' NFT would be create our own marketplace, where all NAS-1 compatible collections could be launched and listed.  
All the earnings with the marketplace will be owned by the Neural Arena DAO.

4. **Support ERC721 Ethereum tokens**  
With the IC HTTPS outcalls feature or with the Ethereum integration currently being implemented by Dfinity, the DAO and any NFT creator could release their collections on Ethereum (or on a L2 EVM chain).  
The NFT data (3d model, properties, neural net etc) would still be stored on IC, just the smart contract would be on Ethereum or a L2, due the costs to store and retrieve data.  
With the liquidity of Ethereum and the volume of its NFT market, the NFT collections would be able reach users outside the IC community. For the first time, a ERC721 NFT could be used on-chain to play games, becoming not just a basic JPG image or avatar.

5. **Add scripting support**  
The rendering engine should support scripting (JS compiled to WASM) to enable games to use more complex visual effects and animations.

6. **Add championships**  
Users should be able to create and participate in championships, where bigger prizes will be distributed to the winners.

7. **On-chain training**  
With the forthcoming support for GPU subnets, users should have the capability to instruct their NFTs in performing tasks, enabling human assistance to develop more sophisticated AI players.